README_hackathon.md, before:

# MPI_Overlap
Prerequisites:
  - [UCX](https://github.com/openucx/ucx)
  - [Open MPI](https://github.com/open-mpi/ompi.git) compiled with UCX support (./configure --prefix=*ompi-install-path* --with-ucx=*ucx-install-path*)

Add UCX and Open MPI binaries and libraries to respective paths in bashrc:
```
export PATH=/path/to/ucx/bin:/path/to/ompi/bin:${PATH}
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/path/to/ucx/lib:/path/to/ompi/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```
Build via:
make

usage:
./overlap_regdata #commtype #data_elements #neighbors

where commtype is one of:

  -t: two-sided non-blocking comm. + wait for completion after compute (overlap),

  -tw: two-sided comm. with immediate wait and then compute,

  -o: one-sided asynchronous comm. + wait for completion after compute (overlap),

  -ow: one-sided comm. with immediate wait and then compute


## Hackathon assignment #1:

Invoke overlap_regdata on 5 nodes using two-sided communication, with UCX and the UD/RC protocols, for a buffer size of 400 kb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,ud,rc ./overlap_regdata -t 50000 6

Demonstrate consistent avg and max iteration times of less than 0.1 seconds for at least three consecutive invokations of overlap_regdata with two-sided communication

## Hackathon assignment #2:

Invoke overlap_regdata on 5 nodes using one-sided communication, with UCX and the RC protocol, for a buffer size of 800 kb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,rc ./overlap_regdata -o 100000 6

Demonstrate consistent avg and max iteration times of less than 0.12 seconds for at least three consecutive invokations of overlap_regdata with one-sided communication

(Bonus) demonstrate computation-communication overlap by comparing runs with -ow (immediate wait) and -o (delayed wait)

## Hackathon assignment #3:

Invoke overlap_regdata on 5 nodes using one-sided communication, with UCX and the RC protocol, for a buffer size of 8 Mb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,rc ./overlap_regdata -o 1000000 6

Resolve ucx errors (Transport retry count exceeded) and demonstrate consistent iteration times for this scenario

Commit message:

some more changes for the hackathon

README_hackathon.md, after:

# MPI_Overlap
Prerequisites:
  - [UCX](https://github.com/openucx/ucx)
  - [Open MPI](https://github.com/open-mpi/ompi.git) compiled with UCX support (./configure --prefix=*ompi-install-path* --with-ucx=*ucx-install-path*)

Add UCX and Open MPI binaries and libraries to respective paths in bashrc:

team 1:
```
HACK_DIR=/mnt/beegfs/hackathon/team1
export PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/bin:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/bin:${PATH}
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/lib:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```

team 2:
```
HACK_DIR=/mnt/beegfs/hackathon/team2
export PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/bin:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/bin:${PATH}
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/lib:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```

team 3:
```
HACK_DIR=/mnt/central/hackathon/bin
export PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/bin:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/bin:${PATH}
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=${HACK_DIR}/ucx/lib:${HACK_DIR}/ompi/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```


Build via:
make

usage:
./hackathon #commtype #data_elements #neighbors

where commtype is one of:

  -t: two-sided non-blocking comm. + wait for completion after compute (overlap),

  -tw: two-sided comm. with immediate wait and then compute,

  -o: one-sided asynchronous comm. + wait for completion after compute (overlap),

  -ow: one-sided comm. with immediate wait and then compute


## Hackathon assignment #1:

Invoke hackathon on 5 nodes using two-sided communication, with UCX and the UD/RC protocols, for a buffer size of 400 kb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,ud,rc ./hackathon -t 50000 6

Demonstrate consistent avg and max iteration times of less than 0.1 seconds for at least three consecutive invokations of hackathon with two-sided communication

## Hackathon assignment #2:

Invoke hackathon on 5 nodes using one-sided communication, with UCX and the RC protocol, for a buffer size of 800 kb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,rc ./hackathon -o 100000 6

Demonstrate consistent avg and max iteration times of less than 0.12 seconds for at least three consecutive invokations of hackathon with one-sided communication

(Bonus) demonstrate computation-communication overlap by comparing runs with -ow (immediate wait) and -o (delayed wait)

## Hackathon assignment #3:

Invoke hackathon on 5 nodes using one-sided communication, with UCX and the RC protocol, for a buffer size of 8 Mb and at least 6 nominal neighbors, e.g.:

mpirun --hostfile hostfile --bind-to core --mca pml ucx -x UCX_IB_GID_INDEX=0 -x UCX_TLS=self,sm,rc ./hackathon -o 1000000 6

Resolve ucx errors (Transport retry count exceeded) and demonstrate consistent iteration times for this scenario
